Updated cookie js (#772)
ONSdigital/design-system: src/components/cookies-banner/_macro-options.md

| Name                       | Type   | Required | Description                                                                                                        |
| -------------------------- | ------ | -------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| ariaLabel                  | string | false    | Aria label for the cookie banner region (default is 'cookies banner')                                              |
| statementTitle             | string | true     | The title text for content for the cookie banner.                                                                  |
| statementText              | string | true     | The text content for the cookie banner. HTML is allowable to embed links                                           |
| confirmationText           | string | true     | The text content for the confirmation cookie message. HTML is allowable to embed links                             |
| primaryButtonText          | string | false    | Text for the primary button (default is 'Accept cookies')                                                          |

> | secondaryButtonText        | string | false    | Text for the secondary button (default is 'Cookie settings')                                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| secondaryButtonText        | string | false    | Text for the secondary button (default is 'Set cookie preferences')                                                       |
```
